The "Control"-module
====================
Control is responsible for governing all orders and exchange them between relevant modules, namely `fsm` which executes orders on the elevator and `synchronizer` which sends update of the elevator and orders to the network. It includes various functions including one that checks if an order is already recorded and one that finds the optimal elevator for an order, given the current state of the peer-system. Using these, the control module of each elevator is equally influential to all other elevators on the network and can assign orders to any online peer. It also includes a separate routine to the control routine, which is responsible for toggling the appropriate order-lights.

Design choices
--------------
Other than the `fsm`-module, we wanted control to be the only module calling functions from `elevio` and making direct changes to the elevator hardware. It is however not responsible for executing orders, rather taking on the role of assigning and organizing them to lighten the load on other routines. This is why control, contrary to the name, controls very little of the actual elevator. It only governs the lights, which we considered more related to the orders rather than the movement of the elevator. When a hall order is recorded for one elevator at a floor, we wanted all the respective `BT_Hall[X]` lights to be turned on at the floor in question. `BT_Cab` orders only light up inside one elevator, as is natural. 

Contents
--------
- **orderAlreadyRecorded:** A private function checking if an order is present or not in the current list of elevators. 
- **calculateCost:** A private function calculating the optimal elevator to take an order. It uses the current information about all elevators on the network, their online-status and a new order which is to be assigned. It also takes in the assigning elevators own ID to quickly assign `BT_Cab` orders and can reassign orders to elevators that have disconnected or otherwise disappeared from the network. When no elevator is lost, `lostID = -1`.
- **SetOrderLightsRoutine:** A public function to be run from main. It starts a routine which will update order lights in parallel with the other routines of the elevator. It will sense updates to `updateLightChannel` and change the button-lights to match the current state of the elevator-network. All elevators are to have the same hall-lights at their separate floors and individual cab-lights. 
- **ControlRoutine:** A public function to be run from main. It works in parallel with all the other routines of the elevator, and handles orders from `newOrderChannel`, `FsmCompleteOrderChannel`, `SyncToControlChannel` and `reassignChannel`. It also records updates to the elevators state, floor and direction through `fsmUpdateChannel`. \\ Upon initialization, the routine starts a subroutine updating the private variables `onlineElevators`, `online` and `motorStopped`. It wil then enter an infinite for-loop reacting to the following changes: 
    - Case "*New order*": When control receives a new order from the elevator hardware, it generally has to decide what to do with it given the current state of the elevator. It will firstly make sure the order is not already recorded, before taking the following criteria into consideration: 
        - Status '*Lost power to the motor*': If `motorStopped = True` the elevator will not take any orders, neither `BT_Cab` or hall-orders. 
        - Status '*Elevator is offline*': If `online = False` the elevator will go into an implicit "offline"-mode. As long as it remains here, the elevator will not be able to accept new hall-orders. It will however be able to able to receive and execute local `BT_Cab` orders. It will direct them to the `fsm` and update the lights. 
        - Status '*Online and motor has power*': The elevator will assign the order received to one of the online peers, including itself, through the generation of an order instance. This instance is sent to `synchronizer` for broadcasting to all other peers. 
    - Case "*Update from Synchronizer*": Control will copy all the information about the other elevators and its own order queue. The relevant information is then sent to the `fsm` and the light-channel. 
    - Case "*Update from the fsm*": Control updates the elevator state, direction and floor in `elevatorList`. It then updates the online peers by sending the list to `synchronize`. 
    - Case "*The fsm has completed an order*": Control updates the order from `fsm` to include the elevator ID and `order.Complete = True`. This order is then forwarded to `synchronize`. 
    - Case "*Request to reassign orders*": If Control receives a request to reassign the orders of a lost/stopped elevator, it does this simply by going through all orders of `lostID` and generating two orders which it forwards to `synchronizer`. One states that the order at `lostID` is completed, whilst the other states that the order at a new optimal elevator is incomplete. This optimal elevator is calculated by calling `calculateCost w/ lostID=lostID` and the order to be reassigned. 
